first of all what brings people into a
plastic surgery cabinet
on the nose is often
defects these defects are badly experienced at
right or wrong regardless of the
main thing is that we do not sell judge
people are the people who live it
themselves the fact of being bad in his
skin and artwork is a problem
strictly personal it is true that
sometimes you have requests that are
exaggerated it's up to the surgeon becomes the
reframe to explain myself but often the
motivations are real intentions
I had since I was 12 years old
have a small operation I had one and
right happened at that age there pretty much
I started having a bump and I
always had some small problems
to breathe I never really
breathe with the nose so I came
see sir I then read the already
can breathe a little bit better but
especially to eliminate this post is
already imperfections that I had who have
posed worry to the shoulder rhinoplasty
is an intervention that allows
change the appearance of the nose well
sure the goal is to correct the flaws
of the nose in this way it is a
intervention among the interventions the
more difficult to the aesthetic world
will say to the extent that these
difficulties are not explained or three
criteria that to me are very
important the first is that your
nose and unique
there is no reason they are alike
this physical peculiarity must be
respected because in fact she you
belongs and you must not change it
in clear when doing a rhinoplasty
we have to improve while modifying but
without changing the second difficulty
it is to be in agreement with what
the surgeon because he is certain
that when one gets operated on by the
surgeon
it's undeniable that you're going to have
a part of his own criteria that
will fit into your life
the best way for that is to
show a little bit through a press
book photos of people who have been
operated before and after like that it allows
to patients already to make themselves a
opinion about quality and especially about
philosophy that goes that will preside over everything
throughout this intervention is the
third difficulty the fingers your
techniques as far as we have
an element that the surgeon does dominate
not at all it's the skin it's a
crucial element
it is very important for the surgeon
he you understand that the experience
plays its full to appreciate and
gauge this sort of skin
will be the guardian of a good
result
the most trained requests on those
Humpback that's for sure it's 90% of
requests
it's not all that after he can you
can have a is deviated which are
by the way among the most
difficult to succeed
you can also have problems at
level of the tip a booster of one and
maybe wide maybe and was beating
maybe falls to plunging hangzhou
is the result of both fact that
often people complain about having a
nose too long
that's why we call this
operation elsewhere in a in
plastic fixed on my bed at age
of all ages had had an accident
are also broken nose and I you
find out about it and it always has me
complexed and so I decided to
consider improving my best